Oh no, here it comes again
Can't remember when we came so close to love before
Hold on, good things never last
Nothing's in the past, it always seems to come again
Again and again, again and again, and again
Cry out to legions of the brave
Time again to save us from the jackals of the street
Ride out, protectors of the realm
Captain's at the helm, sail across the sea of lights
Circles and rings, dragons and kings
Weaving a charm and a spell
Blessed by the night, holy and bright
Called by the toll of the bell
Bloodied angels fast descending
Moving on a never-bending light
Phantom figures free forever
Out of shadows, shining ever-bright
Neon Knights!
All right!

In the misty morning, on the edge of time
We've lost the rising sun, a final sign
As the misty morning rolls away to die
Reaching for the stars, we blind the sky
We sailed across the air before we learned to fly
We thought that it could never end
We'd glide above the ground before we learned to run, run
Now it seems our world has come undone
Oh they say that it's over
And it just had to be
Ooh they say that it's over
We're lost children of the sea, oh
We made the mountains shake with laughter as we played
Hiding in our corner of the world
Then we did the demon dance and rushed to nevermore
Threw away the key and locked the door
Oh they say that it's over, yeah
Yes they say that it's over
We're lost children of the sea
Poor lost children of the sea, yeah
LOOK OUT! The sky is falling down!
LOOK OUT! The world is spinning round and round and round!
LOOK OUT! The sun is going black, black
LOOK OUT! It's never never never coming back, LOOK OUT!

There's a place just south of Witches' Valley
Where they say the wind won't blow
And they only speak in whispers of her name
There's a lady they say who feeds the darkness
It eats right from her hand
With a crying shout she'll search you out
And freeze you where you stand
Lady Evil, evil
She's a magical, mystical woman
Lady Evil, evil in my mind
She's queen of the night
All right!
In a place just south of Witches' Valley
Where they say the rain won't fall
Thunder cracks the sky, it makes you bleed, yeah
There's a lady they say who needs the darkness
She can't face the light
With an awful shout, she'll find you out
And have you for the night
Lady Evil, evil on my mind
So if you ever get to Witches' Valley
Don't dream or close your eyes
And never trust your shadow in the dark
'Cause there's a lady I know who takes your vision
And turns it all around
The things you see are what to be, lost and never found
She's the queen of sin
Look out, she'll pull you in!
Lady wonder!

Sing me a song, you're a singer
Do me a wrong, you're a bringer of evil
The Devil is never a maker
The less that you give, you're a taker
So it's on and on and on, it's Heaven and Hell, oh well
The lover of life's not a sinner
The ending is just a beginner
The closer you get to the meaning
the sooner you'll know that you're dreaming
So it's on and on and on, oh it's on and on and on
It goes on and on and on, Heaven and Hell
I can tell, fool, fool!
Well if it seems to be real, it's illusion
For every moment of truth, there's confusion in life
Love can be seen as the answer, but nobody bleeds for the dancer
And it's on and on, on and on and on....
They say that life's a carousel
Spinning fast, you've got to ride it well
The world is full of Kings and Queens
Who blind your eyes and steal your dreams
It's Heaven and Hell, oh well
And they'll tell you black is really white
The moon is just the sun at night
And when you walk in golden halls
You get to keep the gold that falls
It's Heaven and Hell, oh no!
Fool, fool!
You've got to bleed for the dancer!
Look for the answer!
Fool, fool, fool!

Throw me a penny and I'll make you a dream
You find that life's not always what it seems, no no
Then think of a rainbow and I'll make it come real
Roll me, I'm a never ending wheel
I'll give you a star
So you know just where you are
Don't you know that I might be
Your wishing well
Look in the water, tell me what do you see
Reflections of the love you give to me
Love isn't money, it's not something you buy
So let me fill myself with tears you cry, why?
Time is a never ending journey
Love is a never ending smile
Give me a sign to build a dream on
Dream on...
Yeah, Throw me a penny and I'll make you a dream
So let me fill myself with tears you cry
Someday, some way, you'll feel the things I say
Dream for a while
Of the things that make you smile
'Cause you know
Don't you know
Oh, you know
That I'm your wishing well
I wish you well
I'm your wishing well

Gather the wind
Though the wind won't help you fly at all
Your back's to the wall
Chain the sun and it tears away
And it breaks you as you run, you run, you run
Behind the smile there's danger and a promise to be told
You'll never get old
Life's fantasy, to be locked away
And still to think you're free, you're free, we're free
So live for today
Tomorrow never comes
Die young, die young
Can't you see the writing in the air
Die young, gonna die young
Someone stopped the fair
Die young, young
Die young, die young, young
Die young, die young, die young, die young, die young!

Lord she's handsome as she flows across the floor
Nothing I've seen in my life has ever pleased me more
She's got the look of freedom, and it makes you think she's wild
But I can see right through it all, it's the way to have a child
Oh, walk away
She's looking to love you
There's nothing to say
Just turn your head and walk away
Walk away, walk on
She moves in sunlight, never seen the night at all
Like a star in the midnight sky, burns before it falls
I've never been lonely, and I can't imagine why
Maybe she could be the one to tell me, I guess it's do or die
Can't see her fire
But I can feel her heat, all right!
It's rising higher
I'm walking the wire
Walk on by!
Oh! Walk away!
Oh, walk on by, walk away!
Walk on!
You'll feel her fire, she'll lift you higher
But don't be fooled! Just turn your head and walk away!

It's a long way to nowhere
And I'm leaving very soon
On the way we pass so close
To the back side of the moon
Hey join the traveler if you got nowhere to go
Hang your head and take my hand
It's the only road I know
Oh! Lonely is the word, yeah yeah yeah!
I've been higher than stardust
I've been seen upon the sun
I used to count in millions then
But now I only count in one
Come on, join the traveler
If you got nowhere to go
Yeah, Lonely is the word
Got to be the saddest song I ever heard
Yeah, Lonely is the name
Maybe life's a losing game

A rumble of thunder, I'm suddenly under your spell
No rhyme or reason, or time of the season, but oh well
The darkened deliver, I shake and I shiver down your soul
You know what to cover, I think for another it's a story told
So get a good hold, yeah
Regiment fooled you, you thought that you knew who you are
A simple equation, that's the relation, but that's gone too far
A time of suspicion, a special condition that we all know
So let it all go!
Turn up the night!
Turn up the night, it feels so right!
Nighttime sorrow, taken like a pain
Black will not become a white, it's all the same
Evil lurks in twilight, dances in the dark
Makes you need the movement, like a fire needs a spark to burn!
If it feels right
Turn off the light!

Say you don't know me, you'll burn
You can refuse, but you'll lose, it's by me
Say you don't want me, you'll learn
Nothin' you do will be new, 'cause I'm through
Call me a liar, you knew
You were a fool, but that's cool, it's all right
Call me the Devil, it's true
Some can't accept but I crept inside you
So if a stranger calls you
Don't let him whisper his name
'Cause it's Voodoo, oh!
Fade into shadow, you'll burn
Your fortune is free, I can see it's no good
Never look back, never turn
It's a question of time 'till your mine and you learn
So if a stranger sees you
Don't look in his eyes
'Cause he's Voodoo!
Voodoo!
Bring me your children, they'll burn!
Never look back, never turn!
Cry me a river, you'll learn Voodoo!!

If there isn't light when no one sees
Then how can I know what you might believe?
A story told that can't be real
Somehow must reflect the truth we feel, yeah
Fade away, fade away
Vanish into small
Break the crystal ball 
Oh
It's the sign
Feels like the time!
On a small world, west of wonder
Somewhere, nowhere all
There's a rainbow that will shimmer
When the summer falls
If an echo doesn't answer
When it hears a certain sound
Then the beast is free to wander
But never is seen around
And it's the Sign of the Southern Cross
It's the Sign of the Southern Cross
All right
Sail away
To the sign
From the book, the word is spoken
Whispers from forgotten song
Gather all around the young ones
They will make us strong
Reach above your dreams of pleasure
Give a life to those who died
Look beyond your own horizons
Sail the ship of sighs
Break the crystal ball
I can't accept it anymore
On a real world, west of wonder
There's a rainbow, see it shimmer
They will make us strong!
Don't live for pleasure
Make life your treasure
Fade away!
Eight miles high, about to fall
And no one there to catch you
Look for the sign, the time
The Sign of the Southern Cross, yeah

Close the city and tell the people that something's coming to call
Death and darkness are rushing forward to take a bite from the wall, oh
You've nothing to say
They're breaking away
If you listen to fools...
The Mob Rules
Kill the spirit and you'll be blinded, the end is always the same
Play with fire, you burn your fingers and lose your hold of the flame, oh
It's over, it's done
The end is begun
Oh, They're breaking away
Break the circle and stop the movement, the wheel is thrown to the ground
Just remember it might start rolling and take you right back around
You're all fools!
The Mob Rules!

Fell in love with a country girl, morning sunshine
She was up from a nether world, just to bust another soul
Her eyes were an endless flame, holy lightning
Desire with a special name, made to snatch your soul away, yeah
We sailed away on a crimson tide, gone forever
Left my heart on the other side, all to break it into bits
Her smile was a winter song, a Sabbath ending
Don't sleep or you'll find me gone, just an image in the air
In dreams I think of you
I don't know what to do with myself
Time has let me down
She brings broken dreams, fallen stars,
the endless search for where you are
(sail on, sail on)
Her eyes were an endless flame, unholy lady
Desire with a special name, made to snatch your soul away, oh!
Don't sail away on a crimson tide!
Don't leave your heart on the other side!
Her eyes are an endless flame
Desire with a special name
Don't ever fall in love!
Don't give your heart away!
No never, never fall in love with a country girl!

Slipping away, just a heartbeat from disaster
Nothing could make me stay, close your eyes and I'll be gone
Turn the page, yeah, time to start another story
Slipping away, slipping away, time to move along
No reason to stay
oh, when I'm slipping away
Take a look at yourself, you've been running in a circle
Round and round you go, you're a start without an end
Start a new life, yeah, from the city of the gypsies
Running away, slipping away, right behind the plow
Slipping away
Nobody to pay
look out, 'cause I'm slipping away
Rockin' the glass, I won't leave you my reflection
A future without a past, no more road to take me back
Come if you will, just don't question my direction
Running away, slipping away, we can find the sun
got nobody to pay
and you're slippin' away
No more running in a circle
it's time to move along
round, round, round we go
a start without an end
so I'm slipping away

I think about closing the door
And lately I think of it more
I'm living well out of my time
I feel like i'm losing my mind
I should be at the table round
A servant of the crown
The keeper of the sign
To sparkle and to shine
Never, no never again!
Listen to me and believe what I say if you can
Never, this is the end
You know I've seen the faces of doom and I'm only a man
Help me, tell me I'm sane
I feel a change in the earth, in the wind and the rain
Save me, take me away
You know I've seen some creatures from hell and I've heard what they say!
I've got to be strong
Oh, I'm falling off the edge of the world
Think you're safe, but you're wrong!
We are falling off the edge of the world!
Look out! there's danger! no where to run!
It seems like desperate measures but sometimes it has to be done
Over, it's over at last
There's a message inside as we build a new life from the past
We're falling off the edge of the world!
Yes, the edge of the world!
It's the end of the world!

Sometimes I feel like I'm dying at dawn
and sometimes I'm warm as fire
But lately I feel like I'm just gonna rain
and it goes over, and over, and over again, yeah
Too many flames, with too much to burn
and life's only made of paper
Oh, how I need to be free of this pain
but it goes over, and over, and over, and over again
Yeah, sometimes I cry for the lost and alone
and for their dreams that will all be ashes
and it goes over, and over, and over, and over again